.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH symbolic 1  "symbolic " 
.SH NAME
symbolic \- Run symbolic execution to explore contract input space
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBsymbolic\fR <\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-contract\fR> <\fB\-f\fR|\fB\-\-function\fR> [\fB\-o\fR|\fB\-\-output\fR] [\fB\-\-profile\fR] [\fB\-\-input\-combination\-cap\fR] [\fB\-\-path\-cap\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-breadth\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR] [\fB\-\-seed\fR] [\fB\-\-replay\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-seed\fR] [\fB\-\-format\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Run symbolic execution to explore contract input space
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-contract\fR \fI<CONTRACT>\fR
Path to the contract WASM file
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-function\fR \fI<FUNCTION>\fR
Function name to execute
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-output\fR \fI<OUTPUT>\fR
Output file for the scenario TOML
.TP
\fB\-\-profile\fR \fI<PROFILE>\fR [default: balanced]
Preset symbolic exploration budget profile
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRfast, balanced, deep]
.TP
\fB\-\-input\-combination\-cap\fR \fI<N>\fR
Maximum number of input combinations to generate deterministically
.TP
\fB\-\-path\-cap\fR \fI<N>\fR
Maximum number of generated inputs to execute
.TP
\fB\-\-max\-breadth\fR \fI<N>\fR
Legacy alias for controlling generated\-value branching width. Preserved for backward\-compatible CLI parsing
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\fR \fI<SECONDS>\fR
Maximum time for symbolic analysis, in seconds. When omitted, the budget is controlled by \-\-profile. The command exits with a non\-zero status code if this limit is exceeded. Use 0 to disable the timeout entirely
.TP
\fB\-\-seed\fR \fI<N>\fR
Seed the exploration order with this integer so the run is fully reproducible.  The emitted "Replay token" value can be passed here or to `\-\-replay` on any subsequent run to reproduce the exact same path ordering.  Mutually exclusive with `\-\-replay`
.TP
\fB\-\-replay\fR \fI<TOKEN>\fR
Replay a previous symbolic run by providing its replay token (the seed value printed at the end of the original run).  Equivalent to `\-\-seed <TOKEN>`.  Mutually exclusive with `\-\-seed`
.TP
\fB\-\-storage\-seed\fR \fI<FILE>\fR
Path to a JSON file containing initial storage state to seed before symbolic exploration. This allows testing how different storage states affect contract behavior. The JSON should be a map of key\-value pairs
.TP
\fB\-\-format\fR \fI<FORMAT>\fR [default: pretty]
Output format for the report (pretty/text or json)
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
pretty
.IP \(bu 2
json
.RE
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help
