.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH remote 1  "remote " 
.SH NAME
remote \- Connect to remote debug server
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBremote\fR <\fB\-r\fR|\fB\-\-remote\fR> [\fB\-t\fR|\fB\-\-token\fR] [\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-contract\fR] [\fB\-f\fR|\fB\-\-function\fR] [\fB\-\-tls\-cert\fR] [\fB\-\-tls\-key\fR] [\fB\-\-tls\-ca\fR] [\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-\-args\fR] [\fB\-\-connect\-timeout\-ms\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\-ms\fR] [\fB\-\-inspect\-timeout\-ms\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-timeout\-ms\fR] [\fB\-\-retry\-attempts\fR] [\fB\-\-retry\-base\-delay\-ms\fR] [\fB\-\-retry\-max\-delay\-ms\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fIremote and server\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Connect to remote debug server
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-remote\fR \fI<REMOTE>\fR
Remote server address (e.g., localhost:9229)
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-token\fR \fI<TOKEN>\fR
Authentication token (if required by server)
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-contract\fR \fI<CONTRACT>\fR
Path to the contract WASM file
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-function\fR \fI<FUNCTION>\fR
Function name to execute
.TP
\fB\-\-tls\-cert\fR \fI<TLS_CERT>\fR
TLS certificate file path (optional)
.TP
\fB\-\-tls\-key\fR \fI<TLS_KEY>\fR
TLS private key file path (optional)
.TP
\fB\-\-tls\-ca\fR \fI<TLS_CA>\fR
TLS CA certificate file path (optional, for self\-signed certs)
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-args\fR \fI<ARGS>\fR
Function arguments as JSON array
.TP
\fB\-\-connect\-timeout\-ms\fR \fI<MS>\fR [default: 10000]
Timeout in milliseconds for the initial TCP connection to the remote server.

Use this when the server is on a slow or restricted network and the default connect attempt feels hung or fails unpredictably.  Distinct from \-\-timeout\-ms, which governs individual request/response round\-trips after the connection is already established.

Default: 10 000 ms (10 seconds).
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBSOROBAN_DEBUG_CONNECT_TIMEOUT_MS\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-timeout\-ms\fR \fI<MS>\fR [default: 30000]
Per\-request timeout in milliseconds for regular operations (execute, storage, inspect).

Default: 30 000 ms (30 seconds).
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBSOROBAN_DEBUG_REQUEST_TIMEOUT_MS\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-inspect\-timeout\-ms\fR \fI<MS>\fR
Per\-request timeout in milliseconds specifically for Inspect calls.

Inspect fetches execution state metadata and can be slower than a simple ping. Defaults to \-\-timeout\-ms when not provided.
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBSOROBAN_DEBUG_INSPECT_TIMEOUT_MS\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-storage\-timeout\-ms\fR \fI<MS>\fR
Per\-request timeout in milliseconds specifically for GetStorage calls.

Storage fetches can be large; set this higher than \-\-timeout\-ms for contracts with many storage keys.  Defaults to \-\-timeout\-ms when not provided.
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBSOROBAN_DEBUG_STORAGE_TIMEOUT_MS\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-retry\-attempts\fR \fI<N>\fR [default: 3]
Maximum number of retry attempts for idempotent requests (ping, inspect, storage).

Default: 3.
.TP
\fB\-\-retry\-base\-delay\-ms\fR \fI<MS>\fR [default: 200]
Base delay in milliseconds between retry attempts (exponential back\-off).

Default: 200 ms.
.TP
\fB\-\-retry\-max\-delay\-ms\fR \fI<MS>\fR [default: 2000]
Maximum delay in milliseconds between retry attempts.

Default: 2 000 ms.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.SH "Remote and Server"
.TP
remote\-inspect(1)
Inspect current execution state (function, step count, call stack)
.TP
remote\-storage(1)
Get contract storage state as JSON
.TP
remote\-evaluate(1)
Evaluate an expression in the current debug context
.TP
remote\-help(1)
Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)
